docs(pe): pe plugin feedback (#478)
armory/docs: content/en/docs/plugin-guide/plugin-policy-engine.md

## Overview

> Armory's Policy Engine plugin is the next iteration of the Policy Engine feature that ships with our Armory distribution. Not only does it include support for existing features like applying policy to pipelines as they're being saved, it also introduces policy hooks into other services like Gate, the API, and Orca, the orchestrator. 

Reviewer: When using commas to list I would suggest using parentheses to expand, to avoid awkward reading cadence.

{{< tabs name="enable-plugin" >}}
{{% tab name="Operator" %}}

You can use the sample configuration to install the plugin, but keep the following in mind:

> - The `patchesStrategicMerge` for each service are unique to that service. Do not reuse the snippet for one service for the other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `patchesStrategicMerge` section for each service is unique to that service. Do not reuse the snippet from one service for the other services.
```

> - The `patchesStrategicMerge` section for each service is unique to that service. Do not reuse the snippet from one service for the other services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `patchesStrategicMerge` section for each service is unique. Do not reuse the snippet from one service for the other services.
```

Sorry I didn't catch this in my earlier suggestion. Just an attempt to remove repetition.
